&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;How much further? I asked in slow, clear English to my guide, forcing calm speech over my state of desperation. We had been walking for at least 5 hours at this point, my body was beginning to fail me, and we were almost out of water. This was probably the 15th time I had asked, and I couldn’t help but be reminded of those annoying kids always asking, “Are we there yet?” I hated that. He pointed to a clump of peaks in the distance and said, “Sankaber. Almost”. The exact same response he had given the past 15 times. Ok, calm down, I told myself, well make it eventually. It was the final stretch of my solo trip to Ethiopia, and even though I was nearly at my breaking point, I wanted to go out with a bang hiking the notorious Simien Mountain range. I had spent the night in a hotel for about $6 per night that didn’t have running water in the rooms and began to mentally prepare myself for what was coming. At dawn, we began. Every hour after that chipped away at my already-fragile composure. By the 5th hour or so, I knew I wouldn’t be able to make it to the end, but I had no choice. I had no idea what it was getting myself into, and almost in protest of my selfish decision, my body began to rebel against me. My left leg started twitching uncontrollably, my back felt like it would snap under the pressure of my 30lb backpack any moment, and my vision began to blur. We hiked past wild baboons and tremendous landscapes, but I didn’t even care enough to take more than a picture or two. I could think of nothing else besides Sankaber, the base camp from heaven, and water.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The smell of food and tea cooking, the hushed laughter of other hikers surrounding a fire, and most importantly of all, the stacks of cool water bottles, signaled to me that my life was complete, we had made it to Sankaber. The journey had almost crushed my soul, but I had prevailed, through sheer willpower and strength! It was a nice thought, but unfortunately, it lasted about 3 minutes. My guide finished talking with his friends (the other tour guides) and walked over to me. “Ok, now let’s take you to where we’ll be sleeping tonight.” I looked at him in disbelief, was he joking? We had made it to Sankaber! How dare he try and take this away from me? He laughed at the facial expression on my face and explained in broken English that this is where the people who signed up through official tour guides slept and ate, we were sleeping somewhere else.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We arrive at 3 huts in an empty field, and my guide begins to set his things down. He calls someone to come open one of the huts and signals me to come take a look. The minute I laid my eyes on the filthy mattresses stained with years and years of filth crammed together in the dark dusty room, I just sat down and began to cry. My guide’s worried frown was lost on me, a mere detail in the face of the painful truths that had unfolded within me. In this desolate landscape, far from the familiarity I'd disdained, clarity struck. I ached for home, for the embrace of family. It dawned on me, belonging wasn't a place, but the love that anchored me there. Here, surrounded by strangers, a terrifying truth became clear: I could die on this mountain, and these people wouldn't even remember me after a couple of days. In contrast, the people waiting for me, halfway across the world, held the very essence of my being. I belonged with them, and I knew that I had to get back.
